Drgn 16518 add api set coex priority and scan mode (#6882)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_bt_coex.rst

Configuring 3-wire coexistence
******************************

For more information about devicetree overlays, see :ref:`zephyr:use-dt-overlays`.
A sample devicetree overlay is available at :file:`samples/bluetooth/radio_coex_3wire/boards/nrf52840dk_nrf52840.overlay`.
The elements are described in the bindings: :file:`dts/bindings/radio_coex/sdc-radio-coex-three-wire.yaml`.

Priorities and scanner mode can be configured or updated at run time.

> Per-state priorities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Role-based priorities
```
Also, you can make this and the other new heading subheadings since they fit under Configuring 3-wire coexistence.

A sample devicetree overlay is available at :file:`samples/bluetooth/radio_coex_3wire/boards/nrf52840dk_nrf52840.overlay`.
The elements are described in the bindings: :file:`dts/bindings/radio_coex/sdc-radio-coex-three-wire.yaml`.

Run-time configuration
======================

Per-state priorities
--------------------

> It is possible to use a different priority when requesting a session, depending on the session's role: either advertising, scanning, in a connection as master or as a slave.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to use a different priority when requesting a session, depending on the session's role: either advertiser, scanner, in a connection as central or as a peripheral.
```

Author: done

> It is possible to use a different priority when requesting a session, depending on the session's role: either advertiser, scanner, in a connection as central or as a peripheral.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a different priority for a session when requesting it, based on the session's role: advertiser, scanner, or being connected as central or as peripheral.
```

> To do so, use the HCI VS command :c:enum:`SDC_HCI_OPCODE_CMD_VS_COEX_PRIORITY_CONFIG`. Its parameters are described in  :c:type:`sdc_hci_cmd_vs_coex_priority_config_t`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, use the HCI VS command :c:enum:`SDC_HCI_OPCODE_CMD_VS_COEX_PRIORITY_CONFIG`.
Its parameters are described in  :c:type:`sdc_hci_cmd_vs_coex_priority_config_t`.
```

Scanner request mode
--------------------

It is possible to configure the scanner's behavior when requesting sessions:
Either request a coex session as soon as it has received a valid access address, or request only before transmitting.

> To do so, use the HCI VS command :c:enum:`SDC_HCI_OPCODE_CMD_VS_COEX_SCAN_MODE_CONFIG`. Its parameters are described in  :c:type:`sdc_hci_cmd_vs_coex_scan_mode_config_t`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, use the HCI VS command :c:enum:`SDC_HCI_OPCODE_CMD_VS_COEX_SCAN_MODE_CONFIG`.
Its parameters are described in  :c:type:`sdc_hci_cmd_vs_coex_scan_mode_config_t`.
```

> Per-state priorities

Reviewer 3: Commenting here since I can't comment on a commit message:
It seems you have an extra commit "Bluetooth: coex: add init on boot option in Kconfig" is the commit message but it doesn't contain anything related to that, only renaming the commands.
I think you should put all the changes in this PR in the previous commit

Author: True, it squash it
